com/example/myapplication/objects/Branch.java
 com.example.myapplication.objects.Branch
com/example/myapplication/activities/company/AddBranchActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.company.AddBranchActivity
com/example/myapplication/activities/NotificationHelper.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.NotificationHelper
com/example/myapplication/activities/Dialog.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.Dialog
 com.example.myapplication.activities.Dialog$1
 com.example.myapplication.activities.Dialog$2
com/example/myapplication/activities/company/RestaurantPage.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.company.RestaurantPage
com/example/myapplication/activities/customer/CustomerInterfaceActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.CustomerInterfaceActivity
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.CustomerInterfaceActivity$1
com/example/myapplication/activities/customer/ui/settings/SettingsFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.ui.settings.SettingsFragment
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.ui.settings.SettingsFragment$1
com/example/myapplication/activities/customer/ui/ticket/TicketViewModel.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.ui.ticket.TicketViewModel
com/example/myapplication/activities/RegisterCustomerActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.RegisterCustomerActivity
 com.example.myapplication.activities.RegisterCustomerActivity$1
com/example/myapplication/activities/company/EditBranchActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.company.EditBranchActivity
com/example/myapplication/activities/admin/CompanyControl.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.admin.CompanyControl
 com.example.myapplication.activities.admin.CompanyControl$1
 com.example.myapplication.activities.admin.CompanyControl$BranchHolder
com/example/myapplication/activities/RegisterCompanyActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.RegisterCompanyActivity
com/example/myapplication/objects/Panel.java
 com.example.myapplication.objects.Panel
com/example/myapplication/objects/Ticket.java
 com.example.myapplication.objects.Ticket
com/example/myapplication/objects/Company.java
 com.example.myapplication.objects.Company
com/example/myapplication/activities/BranchDetails.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.BranchDetails
com/example/myapplication/activities/ResetPassword.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.ResetPassword
 com.example.myapplication.activities.ResetPassword$1
com/example/myapplication/activities/customer/ui/home/MapsFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.ui.home.MapsFragment
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.ui.home.MapsFragment$1
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.ui.home.MapsFragment$2
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.ui.home.MapsFragment$3
com/example/myapplication/activities/company/CompanyBranchesActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.company.CompanyBranchesActivity
 com.example.myapplication.activities.company.CompanyBranchesActivity$1
 com.example.myapplication.activities.company.CompanyBranchesActivity$BranchHolder
com/example/myapplication/objects/Queue.java
 com.example.myapplication.objects.Queue
com/example/myapplication/activities/Location2.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.Location2
com/example/myapplication/activities/company/TicketPageActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.company.TicketPageActivity
com/example/myapplication/activities/customer/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/myapplication/activities/customer/ui/ticket/TicketFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.ui.ticket.TicketFragment
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.ui.ticket.TicketFragment$1
com/example/myapplication/activities/GeofenceBroadcastReceiver.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.GeofenceBroadcastReceiver
com/example/myapplication/activities/admin/Admin_Activity.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.admin.Admin_Activity
 com.example.myapplication.activities.admin.Admin_Activity$1
 com.example.myapplication.activities.admin.Admin_Activity$BranchHolder
com/example/myapplication/activities/GeofenceHelper.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.GeofenceHelper
com/example/myapplication/activities/company/EditMapsActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.company.EditMapsActivity
com/example/myapplication/objects/Customer.java
 com.example.myapplication.objects.Customer
com/example/myapplication/activities/customer/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.ui.home.HomeFragment$CustomerBranchHolder
com/example/myapplication/activities/customer/ui/home/BranchDetailsFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.customer.ui.home.BranchDetailsFragment
com/example/myapplication/activities/ListPageActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.ListPageActivity
com/example/myapplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myapplication.BuildConfig
com/example/myapplication/UserMethods.java
 com.example.myapplication.UserMethods
com/example/myapplication/activities/LoginPageActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.LoginPageActivity
com/example/myapplication/activities/MainLoadingPage.java
 com.example.myapplication.activities.MainLoadingPage
